readme.md, before:

# tt-browser-api
Interfacing with turntable.fm in the browser.

## [ using the api ]
```js
let TBA = require("tt-browser-api")
let App = new TBA()

// add your functions / events 

App.Attach() // attach to turntable
````

## [ native events ]

`jump` - replaces *add_dj*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`drop` - replaces *rem_dj*  
returns `{ user, stat, raw }`  
--- `stat: { love, hate, snag, spun }`

`join` - replaces *registered*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`left` - replaces *deregistered*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`snag` - replaces *snagged*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`vote` - replaces *update_votes*  
returns `{ user, vote, list, raw }`  
--- `vote` is the vote value, usually "up"  
--- `list` is the entire votelog, `user` is the last entry  

`mail` - replaces *pmmed*  
returns `{ user, text, raw }`

`chat` - replaces *speak*  
returns `{ user, text, ping, self, raw }`  
--- `ping` is a boolean, true if you've been pinged  
--- `self` is a boolean, true if you sent the message  

`song` - replaces *nosong* and *newsong*  
returns `{ song, last, raw }`  
--- `song` is the current song playing  
--- `last` is the last played song, with `stat` tracking  

## [ custom events ]

`list`, on playlist change  
returns `{ name, list }`

`text`, on new chat message added  
returns `{ elem }`

`type`, on tt typeahead appear/disappear  
returns `null`

`user`, on new profile appearance  
returns `{ user }`

`loop`, incremented by 1 every minute   
returns `{ beat }`

`load`, after being added to the HTML  
returns `null`

`lobby`, found the lobby instead on attach  
returns `null`

`attach`, successfully attached to fully loaded room  
returns `{ room } `

## [ functions ]

`On(event, function)`   
bind a function to a named event

`Emit(name, arguments)`   
fire all functions bound to an event

`Attach()`   
attempt to attach to turntable

`Jump()`  
provides access to `.becomeDj()`

`Drop()`  
provides access to `.quitDj()`

`getName(id)`  
return a user name from ID

`hasPing(str)`  
check a string for a ping

`Debug(log, data)`   
prints debug logs if we're debugging

`Print(log, data)`  
always print a log to the console

`Error(log, data)`  
print a red log to the console

## [ properties ]

`$core` - window.turntable  
`$user` - window.turntable.user  
`$view` - window.turntable.topViewController  
`$room` - window.turntable.topViewController.roomData

Commit message:

Integrate Chat/Notification Features
Add Option Passing to constructor()
Add Chat() To Send Messages
Add Post() To Post Fake Messages
Add Batch() To Send Multiple Messages
Add script/notify.js For Notifications
Add Notify() To Send Desktop Notifications
Add _canNotify() Tp Request Permissions
Add _delayNotify() To Prevent Spam
Add Bully() To Send Post & Notification

readme.md, after:

# tt-browser-api
Interfacing with turntable.fm in the browser.

## [ using the api ]
```js
let TBA = require("tt-browser-api")
let App = new TBA()

// add your functions / events 

App.Attach() // attach to turntable
````

## [ native events ]

`jump` - replaces *add_dj*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`drop` - replaces *rem_dj*  
returns `{ user, stat, raw }`  
--- `stat: { love, hate, snag, spun }`

`join` - replaces *registered*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`left` - replaces *deregistered*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`snag` - replaces *snagged*  
returns `{ user, raw }`

`vote` - replaces *update_votes*  
returns `{ user, vote, list, raw }`  
--- `vote` is the vote value, usually "up"  
--- `list` is the entire votelog, `user` is the last entry  

`mail` - replaces *pmmed*  
returns `{ user, text, raw }`

`chat` - replaces *speak*  
returns `{ user, text, ping, self, raw }`  
--- `ping` is a boolean, true if you've been pinged  
--- `self` is a boolean, true if you sent the message  

`song` - replaces *nosong* and *newsong*  
returns `{ song, last, raw }`  
--- `song` is the current song playing  
--- `last` is the last played song, with `stat` tracking  

## [ custom events ]

`list`, on playlist change  
returns `{ name, list }`

`text`, on new chat message added  
returns `{ elem }`

`type`, on tt typeahead appear/disappear  
returns `null`

`user`, on new profile appearance  
returns `{ user }`

`loop`, incremented by 1 every minute   
returns `{ beat }`

`load`, after being added to the HTML  
returns `null`

`lobby`, found the lobby instead on attach  
returns `null`

`attach`, successfully attached to fully loaded room  
returns `{ room } `

## [ functions ]

`On(event, function)`   
bind a function to a named event

`Emit(name, arguments)`   
fire all functions bound to an event

`Chat(text)`   
send a real message to the room chat

`Post(text, subject, type)`   
add a fake message to the chat tab
--- `subject` is the bold prefix in chat  
--- `type` is a class added to the message  

`Batch(array)`   
sends multiple (max 3) messages to turntable
--- `array` is an array of strings to send

`Notify(head, text, icon, type)`
sends a desktop notification  
--- must be enabled with `new TBA({ enableNotify: true })`  
--- `head` is the title of the notification [req]  
--- `text` is the main text of the notification [req]  
--- `icon` is the notificaion icon (recommended)  
--- `type` will enable a delay to prevent notification spam

`Bully(head, text, icon, type)`   
sends both a Post and  Notification

`Attach()`   
attempt to attach to turntable

`Jump()`  
provides access to `.becomeDj()`

`Drop()`  
provides access to `.quitDj()`

`getName(id)`  
return a user name from ID

`hasPing(str)`  
check a string for a ping

`Debug(log, data)`   
prints debug logs if we're debugging

`Print(log, data)`  
always print a log to the console

`Error(log, data)`  
print a red log to the console

## [ properties ]

`$core` - window.turntable  
`$user` - window.turntable.user  
`$view` - window.turntable.topViewController  
`$room` - window.turntable.topViewController.roomData
